docs/docs/dev/cli/users.md, before:

# `users`

## `add`

Add a new user to the Database.

### Command

- `add <EMAIL> <FULL-NAME>` : Add a new User

### Options

- `-p` | `--password` `<PASSWORD>` : The password to set for the new user. If omitted, the password reset journey can be used to set a password.
- `-r` | `--roles` `<ROLES>` : Role names to add the new user to.

### Usage Scenarios

Add an Admin user with the roles `SuperUser` and `DirectoryAdmin`:

- `users add admin@example.com Admin -r SuperUser DirectoryAdmin -p Password1!`

---

## `roles`

Manage roles for a User; listing, adding and/or removing

### Command

- `roles <EMAIL>`

### Options

- `--remove` | `--remove-roles` `<ROLES>` : Role names to remove the user from.
- `--add` | `--add-roles` `<ROLES>` : Role names to add the user to.

### Usage Scenarios

Add the `DirectoryAdmin` role to the Admin user:

- `users roles admin@example.com --add DirectoryAdmin`

---

## `list-roles`

List the names of user roles in the system

### Command

- `list-roles` : List roles

Commit message:

AB#175851: Added password CLI and minor fixes (#600)
* Missing min for diagnosis typeahead bundle

* Start of new command line to set password

* Implemetned runner content for set password

* Logger fix and setting new command

* Tawk.to purged

* Logs for errors in changing password (usually due to failing password reqs).

* Password readme notes

* Updated actions and worfkflows to use npm20 and newest actions (pray they don't break)

* Updated pnpm

* PNPM update locally

* Attempt tp fix labeller due to version bump - error was: Error: found unexpected type for label 'Area: CI' (should be array of config options)

---------

Co-authored-by: Phil Van Krimpen <philip.vankrimpen@nottingham.ac.uk>

docs/docs/dev/cli/users.md, after:

# `users`

## `add`

Add a new user to the Database.

### Command

- `add <EMAIL> <FULL-NAME>` : Add a new User

### Options

- `-p` | `--password` `<PASSWORD>` : The password to set for the new user. If omitted, the password reset journey can be used to set a password.
- `-r` | `--roles` `<ROLES>` : Role names to add the new user to.

### Usage Scenarios

Add an Admin user with the roles `SuperUser` and `DirectoryAdmin`:

- `users add admin@example.com Admin -r SuperUser DirectoryAdmin -p Password1!`

---

## `password`

Set the password for a user.

### Command

- `password <EMAIL> <PASSWORD>` : set a users password

### Usage Scenarios

Set the password for a user to be "Moomins!123":

- `users password admin@example.com Moomins!123`

---


## `roles`

Manage roles for a User; listing, adding and/or removing

### Command

- `roles <EMAIL>`

### Options

- `--remove` | `--remove-roles` `<ROLES>` : Role names to remove the user from.
- `--add` | `--add-roles` `<ROLES>` : Role names to add the user to.

### Usage Scenarios

Add the `DirectoryAdmin` role to the Admin user:

- `users roles admin@example.com --add DirectoryAdmin`

---

## `list-roles`

List the names of user roles in the system

### Command

- `list-roles` : List roles
